I'm reading this friend okay hi everyone
is this for game it is per game thank
you
as promised this morning waiting talk we
are going to release Jessica pass
attorney today with everyone here but
[Applause]
it's all good there
I can't video compression exactly
happening right here but in order to do
that we need your help so we basic like
Jessica fest your 30 needs a lot of love
to get released do you guys have your
own laptop with you is it close to you
yeah like a device with Internet
connectivity and you're gonna walk in
can you put the issue
ready and so we have this 0:30 release
and you can learn all about this release
in this issue like you're going to get
em FS you're going to get the bean API
you're going to get a connection manager
so you can control all the connections
you can get pizza people mints very
generic in the connection manager and a
lot of like bug fixing in terms of like
ashes interrupts between em affairs and
grabby paths no jest and support or
people wanted a is one and so you have
to go to this issue so go to the GPS
repo and make a comment it can be
whatever as long as it contains a heart
we need to see you like 30 new faces on
this thread in order to circle release
otherwise it doesn't work we tried it
before it's something weird with
computer exactly more click in there
thinking oh my god this is
this is a big moment for Jessa PFS it's
getting into your 30s wait is that like
10 hours or 10 hours of the old meanie
face is still this is so cool all right
shimmy game do good the terminal yeah
please and it's doing like that release
and test as test and any printed it a
lot of times we need to fix it but
[Laughter]
that's tests and then it's basically it
will print one for each test it runs so
it this will and it will build the
browser version the browser bundle then
you will update the computer so it's
basically just like recognize everyone
that has contributed but the version
generate this change walk comment to get
a push to get up generate the get up
release publish the documentation and
then publish 1 p.m. so you can help
gaming so this now might take like 70
minutes because there's a lot of tests
and like we always run it before release
but we can go into poster report backs
and perhaps a decent backgrounds this
one yeah we we went through multiple
iterations right now the 8th year to
basically grab some of this and
this for every single module of IP
offense yes happy fest yes we will
appear
we always resistance cool so would it
work to have the poster report backs we
this in the background so then we just
have to pay attention when it says here
that it has been released
no one needs a laptop for the parser
report back so do they
this won't need a laptop can we I don't
see your hands
I think we could okay so I think by the
way totally forgot my bed I introduce
you to the lead maintainer or just a DFS
the person behind it release mr. oho so
also a very moment and this is the first
release that is done by someone else
other than me so and yeah and we wait
now and fingers crossed everything go
well we are a solid work
like publishing 20m now any moment
[Applause]
[Laughter]
do you think like it's that's like it's
having our time to like send 10 max
he wins
yeah like a cheer just failed to like
key to proper error or to stop we did
not succeed it because it said so what
happened here was that this fail when
eight year the two didn't really give a
damn and I just posted and then here hey
I was like what is happening what is why
you went over again and so we have to
publish the first questions this is
March
yeah it's March its accentuate we always
a lot of new people but then I have to
remember that Tamil counts nowadays and
really mean much because like you like
you can just have the package of your
machine and use it and demoing kids you
Chrome or even use the package manager
that doesn't earn p.m. between STOVL so
you we might see it others bike like
this again
[Laughter]
okay we release be fast you attorney
thank you everyone for the support thank
you alright
these movies
[Applause]